add license section to readme and restructure (#470)
BIM2SIM/bim2sim: README.md

```
conda install -c bim2sim bim2sim
```
Currently bim2sim is supported for python 3.8 and python 3.9.

> For questions like why we don't use pip and if we supprt docker we refer to the linked documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For questions like why we don't use pip and if we support docker we refer to the linked documentation.
```

* [Fichter et al., Automatic generation of second level space boundary geometry from IFC models, Proceedings of Building Simulation 2021: 17th Conference of IBPS](https://doi.org/10.26868/25222708.2021.30156)
* [Junck et al., Geometrische Transformation von IFC-Raumbegrenzungsflächen für die normkonforme thermische Gebäudesimulation, Proceedings of 33. Forum Bauinformatik, 2022](https://doi.org/10.14459/2022md1686600)

## Acknowledgements

> The tool was developed during the project "BIM2SIM - Methodenentwicklung zur Erstellung von Simulationsmodellen aus Daten des Building Information Modeling". The project was founded by the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy in germany under the funding number: 03ET1562A. The ongoing development is founded by the follow up project "BIM2Praxis - Integration of methods for the creation of simulation models based on Building Information Modeling into practice" with founding from the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action under the founding number 3EN1050A. The authors of the tool gratefully acknowledge the financial support of the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy and the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action in Germany.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool was developed during the project "BIM2SIM - Methodenentwicklung zur Erstellung von Simulationsmodellen aus Daten des Building Information Modeling". The project was funded by the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy in germany under the grant number 03ET1562A. The ongoing development is funded by the follow up project "BIM2Praxis - Integration of methods for the creation of simulation models based on Building Information Modeling into practice" with funding from the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action under the grant number 3EN1050A. The authors of the tool gratefully acknowledge the financial support of the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy and the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action in Germany.
```
